# Community physiology and MicroResp $^{\text{TM}}$

|Author-Year|Journal|Findings|
|:---|:-----: |--------------------------------------|
[Degens et al. 2001](https://doi.org/10.1016/S0038-0717(01)00018-9)|SBB|Decrease in catabolic diversity/evenness seen as reduction in microbial community's tolerance to stress/disturbance. Cropped soil (lower catabolic diversity) was compared to pasture soil (higher $H'$): various stresses (salinity, metals, low pH) more drastically impacted respiratory responses in cropped soils|
[Campbell et al. 2003](https://doi.org/10.1128/AEM.69.6.3593-3599.2003)|Appl Environ Microbiol| Devleopment of the MicroResp system. Drawbacks of Biolog include (1) relying on soil extraction and (2) relying on microbial growth to change redox status of the dye. Favours organisms that are readily extractable, grow well at extract's pH, develop into eutrophic conditions,... biases against acidophilic, filamentous, oligotrophic... <br> <br>Considerations for the MicroResp method includes (1) knowing amount of substrate per g soil water (so knowing grav. moisture of soil), (2) preparing all soils simultaneously so that soils can be dropped in wells with C sources instantaneaously to start incubation at same time for all wells, (3) using Noble agar (important?), (4) preparing a calibration curve by equilibrating the color indicator with known concentration of $CO_2$, (5) Best fit for their calibration : $CO_2 = 0.222+0.384*exp(2.24*Abs_{590nm})$, with $r^2$ = 0.79 and $P$ < 0.001. <br> <br>Microresp was more sensitive than BIOLOG to detect differences between sludge soil treatments.In general BIOLOG seemed to show higher responses to amino acids than MicroResp? <br> <br>BIOLOG and MicroResp fairly congruent though, with correlated first canonical variate components (first dimension)...  
[Garland et al. 1996](https://doi.org/10.1016/0038-0717(95)00112-3)|SBB|Rate of color development in BIOLOG plates can be influenced simply by inoculum density and not composition/diversity. This must be addressed when dealing with data. E.g., normalization (or mixed models?)|
[Dobranic & Zak 1999](https://doi.org/10.1080/00275514.1999.12061081)|Mycologia| Development of a microtiter plate system analogous to BIOLOG but for fungi

